[Music]
so lookie here if you see this in a
public bathroom leave immediately and
call 911 you know there are so many
places where you feel safe right your
own home maybe your car public restrooms
wait what no that last one is definitely
not a place where you should let your
guard down not with the absolutely
illegal and immoral things going on
there
and if you don't want to be recorded at
your most intimate moment check your
surroundings for unusual coat hooks yep
you heard right we'll get into that in a
bit
but first be sure to click that red
button to subscribe to our Channel and
hang out with us on the bright side of
life while you're at it hit that little
notification bell so you'll be the first
to see all our new fun and interesting
updates all right back to public
restrooms and their hidden dangers now
this will probably come as a shocking
and unpleasant surprise but someone may
be watching you while you're doing your
business technology is developing at
full pelt nowadays but unfortunately
this isn't always for the better well
new gadgets and devices make our lives a
whole lot easier
they've also paved the way for new types
of criminal activity as for perverts
that want to peep in on you when you
least expect it all they need is a
simple coat hook police have recently
been closely investigating totally
innocent looking code hooks in public
bathrooms and that's because these hooks
are in fact not what they seem they have
a much more sinister purpose than
holding your jacket or bag when entering
a public bathroom always look around and
pay attention to any coat hooks you see
if you notice that a hook looks a little
weird leave the room immediately
and call the authorities now what
abnormalities are you looking for
you know how the ones designed for coats
usually have just one hook
well the sketchy ones
have a double hook hidden inside these
hooks are tiny discreet cameras capable
of capturing not only still pictures but
recorded footage as well they record
people in public bathrooms and changing
rooms later these criminal creeps
download the footage from these devices
onto their computers sorry ladies but
these cameras are more often found in
women's restrooms lockers and public
showers so you need to be especially
diligent in checking that your privacy
isn't being horribly violated but hey
perversion comes in all forms so fellas
keep your eyes peeled as well you'd
think that these super techy hidden
cameras would be obvious to the naked
eye but that's not always the case
they look so natural attached to the
wall that you wouldn't even give it a
second glance plus they're incredibly
easy to get a hold of for example Amazon
and eBay offer such cameras to anyone
willing to pay and they cost less than
10 bucks if a criminal is willing to
splurge they can get one that not only
films video but also records audio every
hook with a hidden camera has a transfer
cable and charger video as well as audio
and more advanced models is recorded
through a tiny hole found at the top of
the hook and if you think it couldn't
get any creepier think again since these
tiny spy cameras are wireless they can
be recorded remotely this means that
somebody has a remote control which is
also wireless and works through walls
and that somebody could be as close to
you as right behind the wall
it gives me the heebie-jeebies just
thinking about it once again to
determine whether or not a hook on the
wall is actually a hook or some weirdos
window into their perverted Peep Show
check if it's a double hook which
doesn't make sense it's attached to the
wall in a place where it's of no use you
notice some blinking light that means a
camera is recording
isn't always visible but it still
something to watch for if you notice any
of these signs call the police right
away now you may be wondering why on
earth with a company manufacturer code
hooked cameras to spy on people in the
bathroom well the thing is that they're
supposed to be for home security
unfortunately sickos have repurposed
them to suit their own needs and that's
why police warn people to stay alert and
vigilant at all times since 2016 there
have been several cases in Florida of
these tiny cameras being discovered in
public bathrooms and rest areas in
Islamorada police found a hook camera in
the women's restroom at a small beach
park called Ann's Beach another was
discovered in Key Largo in the women's
bathroom at a circle K and yet a third
was found at Harry Harris park and tavaa
near the hooks detected in all of these
places were absolutely identical to the
ones sold online as home security
cameras and this crime just doesn't
happen in the u.s. in 2017 21 year old
Lou quitting from the UK was banned from
the McDonald's where he'd been working
after he installed a camera in the
woman's restroom to spy on his female
co-workers
luckily the hook was noticed before any
real damage had been done
still nobody knows how many people with
similarly sinister schemes have actually
succeeded and never been caught and it
just gets worse from there a 2015 case
in England made headlines when a young
woman spotted a hidden camera recording
her while she was taking a shower in her
hotel this camera was hidden behind a
vent though as for a coat hook camera
you'd most likely notice it in your
hotel room nevertheless you should
always check just in case but even if
you check all suspicious-looking hooks
in every bathroom or changing room you
visit you still can't be 100% sure that
you've protected your privacy how so
the thing is that nowadays even your TV
baby monitor or get ready for this
teakettle can be hacked to spy on you a
survey conducted by the which group an
independent consumer rights organization
in the UK that does things like testing
products and services for safety and
reliability found that eight of the 15
devices you use on a regular basis can
be hacked researchers estimate that by
2025 there will be over 75 billion items
connected to the Internet
lots of these devices are constantly
running monitoring not only city streets
but the insides of people's homes as
well in 2017 there was a case when
footage from 500 private security
cameras located across the UK including
in kindergarten stores businesses and
homes was broadcast on a Russian website
in 2015 a babysitter in Texas was
changing a one-year-olds diaper when
some man's voice started commenting on
her actions out of the blue as you can
imagine this terrified the poor woman it
turned out that the baby monitor in the
room had some preset password that the
baby's parents never did change which
also found that some inexpensive
electronic kids toys can be hacked as
well criminals can potentially use a toy
to listen in on what's happening in the
room but that's not the worst they can
also send messages and communicate with
a child just think how creepy that could
be what if they tell a kid to go outside
or even say something unimaginable
Virgin Media a home Internet provider in
the UK conducted a security exercise and
found that hackers could access and
steal the data of 800,000 of the
company's customers who were then
promptly recommended to change all their
passwords otherwise once a hacker got
hold of the password to a home router
they could gain access to the houses
Wi-Fi network and control all the
devices sync to it yes even that super
fancy electric kettle that has made your
life so much more convenient
alright we're well aware of the dangers
now it's time to ask the real question
how can you protect yourself
experts have two recommendations first
of all always change default passwords
and logins to devices that are connected
to the Internet and secondly use sticky
tape to cover microphones and cameras on
these gadgets so that cyber criminals
can't see what you're doing and
eavesdrop on your personal life your
friends may call you paranoid but hey
the joke's on them
so what do you think about these types
of crimes are they a serious cause for
concern or rare isolated cases what
punishment should be given to tech-savvy
peeping toms or the old-school kind for
that matter tell us in the comments
below and if you found this information
helpful share it with all your friends
and hit that like button till next time
[Music]
you